The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (IGRA), passed by Congress in 1988, required states to negotiate gaming compacts in good faith to allow tribes to offer casino-style gaming if it is allowed in the state. Under Washington state law, the director of the Washington State Gambling Commission is delegated the responsibility of negotiating Class III gaming compacts. All 29 federally recognized tribes in Washington have a gaming compact. The State has committed, through the Centennial Accord and Millennium Agreement, to the political integrity of the federally recognized Indian Tribes within the state of Washington and has formally recognized that the sovereignty of each Tribe provides paramount authority for the Tribe to exist and to govern.

Unfortunately 

A study conducted at Harvard a really long time ago led to antebellum laws in the United States which determined people like me and my family were to be considered 3/5ths of a human. This created a power differential amongst Native Americans, particualrly Natives of Missouri, Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama who were like me. A bunch of other bad stuff happened throughout the 20th century and well into today's post racial society. Its entirely too upsetting and painful for the discuss of these horrible bad things. So I prefer to move ahead and discuss economic opportunities in your respective realms of control. 

However, I do have a joint request. I need help. I need to create some economic opportunity for myself and people like me. Life is rough living in a state of white rage. It makes humans mean. Untrusting. Hateful to one another. They may even act like animals. People have more information than entire governments once possessed. They are able to quickly pick up on things, organize and drive change. 

Its not always violent. In my experiences working with the humans of Anbar Province following an extended sleep like state - 
It will help me express myself in manner more consitent with the customs, espoused values and beliefs of western washington's dominant culture. As we are all well aware, White Rage super preadators and the savage gang violence throughout western washington during the 1990s'wildfires'and 'crisis'have made the majority of my life in Washington State like a horror movie with very nice people and great schools. I'm 2x Exceptional because of it. I volunteered to support and defend the constitution of the United States of America against all enemies foreign and domestic because of the very nice people and great schools in Washington State. I 

So I feel like its overdue that we all have an open discussion about White Rage. I want to understand White Rage. And My wife is white - She's from Chehalis. My Grandmother is White also - She's from Louisiana. The Great Confederate General Braxton Bragg is my Great Grandfather many times removed. 

In a nutshell - my Mother, Gladys H. Leach was shot in the back while unarmed in her own home by Thurston County Sherriff Andrew Hansen in 2019. He'd been on the force for 3 months and negligently discharged his weapon after seeing the reflection of his own barrell from external to the residence in which he was responding to a crisis. Every major news outlet lied concerning the story. I'm assuming that is due to the malfeasance and repudiation of police reports by 1LT Rolf of the Thurston County Sherrifs Department. The shooting was investigated by the Mason County Sherrifs office. None of them had hair like Gladys or myself. To add insult to injury, Gladys is a member of another federally recognized Tribe - The Ysleta Pueblo del Sur of West Texas.

I am just so confused why none of you will recognize us. 

The aforesaid tribes and bands acknowledge their dependence on the Government of the United States, and promise to be friendly with all citizens thereof, and pledge themselves to commit no depredations on the property of such citizens. 

It's nefarious should any one or more of them violate this pledge, and the fact be satisfactorily proved before the agent, the property taken shall be returned, or in default thereof, or if injured or destroyed, compensation may be made by the Government out of their annuities. 

We don't need to go through your processes. We have already identified ourselves. My parents were married on the Puyallup Reservation, I was born on the Puyallup reservation and I attended high school and college on the reservation also. The same thing with my mother and grandparents. The only logical reason I can think why the bureau of Indian Affairs and the Puyallup Tribal Council continue to ignore our requests is due to white rage. 

Thats not to offend any human - - I honestly don't understand what your people's problem is with Veterans. We like our hair. Our whole tribe likes our hair.  

And I don't know if that has to do with the whole Missouri compromise and all of those missing girls.....but this has not only caused my mother to be sepearted from her child at the border, but now I have enviornmental instability in my house because my wife doesn't understand why Ricky Rusty Davy didn't keep Washingtonians 

So after the bandit Garza of the "tribe" showed hostilities against US interests south of the economically disenfranchised me and my family, I figured out The Puyallup Tribe and State have reached an agreement in concept in regard to nearly all of the issues regarding the retail sale of cigarettes, with outstanding issues relating, inter alia, to proposed wholesale activities of the Tribe; and fully prepared to begin selling cigarettes with Tribal stamps affixed and subject to all applicable taxes and tax rates within the scope of RCW 43.07.450 through 460. 

Perfect. I'll open up a smoke shop and start selling weed. The concept will be very sustainable if used within an enterprise architecture framework supporting joint ventures such as dating services, a winery, an esports league, solar and timber farms, gold mines and memoir writing services. 

The right of taking fish, at all usual and accustomed grounds and stations, is further secured to said Indians in common with all citizens of the Territory, and of erecting temporary houses for the purpose of curing, together with the privilege of hunting, gathering roots and berries, and pasturing their horses on open and unclaimed lands: Provided, however, That they shall not take shellfish from any beds staked or cultivated by citizens, and that they shall alter all stallions not intended for breeding-horses, and shall keep up and confine the latter.


2021
  $32,500 in 1877 is equivalent in purchasing power to about $845,009.29 today, an increase of $812,509.29 over 144 years. The dollar had an average inflation rate   of 2.29% per year between 1877 and today, producing a cumulative price increase of 2,500.03%. This means that today's prices are 26.00 times higher than average     prices since 1877, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics consumer price index. A dollar today only buys 3.85% of what it could buy back then.

2022 - 2025 
  $3,000 in 1877 is equivalent in purchasing power to about $78,000.86 today, an increase of $75,000.86 over 144 years. The dollar had an average inflation rate of   2.29% per year between 1877 and today, producing a cumulative price increase of 2,500.03%.

2025 - 2028
  $2,000 in 1877 is equivalent in purchasing power to about $52,000.57 today, an increase of $50,000.57 over 144 years. The dollar had an average inflation rate of   2.29% per year between 1877 and today, producing a cumulative price increase of 2,500.03%.

2028 - 2032
  $1,500 in 1877 is equivalent in purchasing power to about $39,000.43 today, an increase of $37,500.43 over 144 years. The dollar had an average inflation rate of   2.29% per year between 1877 and today, producing a cumulative price increase of 2,500.03%.

2032 - 2037
  $1,200 in 1877 is equivalent in purchasing power to about $31,200.34 today, an increase of $30,000.34 over 144 years. The dollar had an average inflation rate of   2.29% per year between 1877 and today, producing a cumulative price increase of 2,500.03%. and for the next five years one thousand dollars each year 
  
  
  So In conclusion, if you all could help a veteran out. Here's a recap of everything I need 

  Help me get our money back from the Mr. Lee Fleming at the United States Bureau of Indidan Affairs. Playing with my money is like playing with my emotions. 

